now the Lord spoke to Moses after the
now the Lord spoke to Moses after the death of the two sons of Aaron when they
death of the two sons of Aaron when they
death of the two sons of Aaron when they offered profane fire before the Lord and
offered profane fire before the Lord and
offered profane fire before the Lord and died tell Aaron your brother not to come
died tell Aaron your brother not to come
died tell Aaron your brother not to come at just any time into the holy place
at just any time into the holy place
at just any time into the holy place inside the veil before the mercy seat
inside the veil before the mercy seat
inside the veil before the mercy seat which is on the ark lest he die for I
which is on the ark lest he die for I
which is on the ark lest he die for I will appear in the cloud above the mercy
will appear in the cloud above the mercy
will appear in the cloud above the mercy seat
seat
seat thus Aaron shall come into the holy
thus Aaron shall come into the holy
thus Aaron shall come into the holy place with the blood of a young bull as
place with the blood of a young bull as
place with the blood of a young bull as a sin offering and of a ram as a burnt
a sin offering and of a ram as a burnt
a sin offering and of a ram as a burnt offering he shall put the holy linen
offering he shall put the holy linen
offering he shall put the holy linen tunic and the linen trousers on his body
tunic and the linen trousers on his body
tunic and the linen trousers on his body he shall be girded with a linen sash and
he shall be girded with a linen sash and
he shall be girded with a linen sash and with the linen turban he shall be
with the linen turban he shall be
with the linen turban he shall be attired these are holy garments
attired these are holy garments
attired these are holy garments therefore he shall wash his body in
therefore he shall wash his body in
therefore he shall wash his body in water and put them on and he shall take
water and put them on and he shall take
water and put them on and he shall take from the congregation of the children of
from the congregation of the children of
from the congregation of the children of Israel two kids of the goats as a sin
Israel two kids of the goats as a sin
Israel two kids of the goats as a sin offering and one ram as a burnt offering
offering and one ram as a burnt offering
offering and one ram as a burnt offering Aaron shall offer the bull as a sin
Aaron shall offer the bull as a sin
Aaron shall offer the bull as a sin offering which is for himself and make
offering which is for himself and make
offering which is for himself and make atonement for himself and for his house
atonement for himself and for his house
atonement for himself and for his house he shall take the two goats and present
he shall take the two goats and present
he shall take the two goats and present them before the Lord at the door of the
them before the Lord at the door of the
them before the Lord at the door of the tabernacle of meeting then Aaron shall
tabernacle of meeting then Aaron shall
tabernacle of meeting then Aaron shall cast lots for the two goats one lot for
cast lots for the two goats one lot for
cast lots for the two goats one lot for the Lord and the other lot for the
the Lord and the other lot for the
the Lord and the other lot for the scapegoat and Aaron shall bring the goat
scapegoat and Aaron shall bring the goat
scapegoat and Aaron shall bring the goat on which the Lord's lot fell and offer
on which the Lord's lot fell and offer
on which the Lord's lot fell and offer it as a sin offering
it as a sin offering
it as a sin offering but the goat on which the lot fell to be
but the goat on which the lot fell to be
but the goat on which the lot fell to be the scapegoat shall be presented alive
the scapegoat shall be presented alive
the scapegoat shall be presented alive before the Lord to make atonement upon
before the Lord to make atonement upon
before the Lord to make atonement upon it and to let it go as the scapegoat
it and to let it go as the scapegoat
it and to let it go as the scapegoat into the wilderness and Aaron shall
into the wilderness and Aaron shall
into the wilderness and Aaron shall bring the bull of the sin offering which
bring the bull of the sin offering which
bring the bull of the sin offering which is for himself and make atonement for
is for himself and make atonement for
is for himself and make atonement for himself and for his house and shall kill
himself and for his house and shall kill
himself and for his house and shall kill the bull as the sin offering which is
the bull as the sin offering which is
the bull as the sin offering which is for himself then he shall take a sense a
for himself then he shall take a sense a
for himself then he shall take a sense a full of burning coals of fire from the
full of burning coals of fire from the
full of burning coals of fire from the altar before the Lord with his hands
altar before the Lord with his hands
altar before the Lord with his hands full of sweet incense beaten fine and
full of sweet incense beaten fine and
full of sweet incense beaten fine and bring it inside the vain
and he shall put the incense on the fire
and he shall put the incense on the fire before the Lord that the cloud of
before the Lord that the cloud of
before the Lord that the cloud of incense may cover the mercy seat that is
incense may cover the mercy seat that is
incense may cover the mercy seat that is on the testimony lest he die he shall
on the testimony lest he die he shall
on the testimony lest he die he shall take some of the blood of the bull and
take some of the blood of the bull and
take some of the blood of the bull and sprinkle it with his finger on the mercy
sprinkle it with his finger on the mercy
sprinkle it with his finger on the mercy seat on the east side and before the
seat on the east side and before the
seat on the east side and before the mercy seat he shall sprinkle some of the
mercy seat he shall sprinkle some of the
mercy seat he shall sprinkle some of the blood with his finger
blood with his finger
blood with his finger seven times then he shall kill the goat
seven times then he shall kill the goat
seven times then he shall kill the goat of the sin offering which is for the
of the sin offering which is for the
of the sin offering which is for the people bring its blood inside the veil
people bring its blood inside the veil
people bring its blood inside the veil do with that blood as he did with the
do with that blood as he did with the
do with that blood as he did with the blood of the bull and sprinkle it on the
blood of the bull and sprinkle it on the
blood of the bull and sprinkle it on the mercy seat and before the mercy seat so
mercy seat and before the mercy seat so
mercy seat and before the mercy seat so he shall make atonement for the holy
he shall make atonement for the holy
he shall make atonement for the holy place because of the uncleanness of the
place because of the uncleanness of the
place because of the uncleanness of the children of Israel and because of their
children of Israel and because of their
children of Israel and because of their transgressions for all their sins and so
transgressions for all their sins and so
transgressions for all their sins and so he shall do for the tabernacle of
he shall do for the tabernacle of
he shall do for the tabernacle of meeting which remains among them in the
meeting which remains among them in the
meeting which remains among them in the midst of their uncleanness there shall
midst of their uncleanness there shall
midst of their uncleanness there shall be no man in the tabernacle of meeting
be no man in the tabernacle of meeting
be no man in the tabernacle of meeting when he goes in to make atonement in the
when he goes in to make atonement in the
when he goes in to make atonement in the holy place until he comes out but he may
holy place until he comes out but he may
holy place until he comes out but he may make atonement for himself for his
make atonement for himself for his
make atonement for himself for his household and for all the Assembly of
household and for all the Assembly of
household and for all the Assembly of Israel and he shall go out to the altar
Israel and he shall go out to the altar
Israel and he shall go out to the altar that is before the Lord and make
that is before the Lord and make
that is before the Lord and make atonement for it and shall take some of
atonement for it and shall take some of
atonement for it and shall take some of the blood of the bull and some of the
the blood of the bull and some of the
the blood of the bull and some of the blood of the goat and put it on the
blood of the goat and put it on the
blood of the goat and put it on the horns of the altar all around then he
horns of the altar all around then he
horns of the altar all around then he shall sprinkle some of the blood on it
shall sprinkle some of the blood on it
shall sprinkle some of the blood on it with his finger seven times cleanse it
with his finger seven times cleanse it
with his finger seven times cleanse it and consecrated from the uncleanness of
and consecrated from the uncleanness of
and consecrated from the uncleanness of the children of Israel and when he has
the children of Israel and when he has
the children of Israel and when he has made an end of atoning for the holy
made an end of atoning for the holy
made an end of atoning for the holy place the tabernacle of meeting and the
place the tabernacle of meeting and the
place the tabernacle of meeting and the altar he shall bring the live goat
altar he shall bring the live goat
altar he shall bring the live goat Aaron shall lay both his hands on the
Aaron shall lay both his hands on the
Aaron shall lay both his hands on the head of the live goat confess over it
head of the live goat confess over it
head of the live goat confess over it all the iniquities of the children of
all the iniquities of the children of
all the iniquities of the children of Israel and all their transgressions
Israel and all their transgressions
Israel and all their transgressions concerning all their sins putting them
concerning all their sins putting them
concerning all their sins putting them on the head of the goat and shall send
on the head of the goat and shall send
on the head of the goat and shall send it away into the wilderness by the hand
it away into the wilderness by the hand
it away into the wilderness by the hand of a suitable man the goat shall bear on
of a suitable man the goat shall bear on
of a suitable man the goat shall bear on itself all their iniquities to an
itself all their iniquities to an
itself all their iniquities to an uninhabited land and he shall release
uninhabited land and he shall release
uninhabited land and he shall release the goat in the wilderness
the goat in the wilderness
the goat in the wilderness then Aaron shall come into the
then Aaron shall come into the
then Aaron shall come into the tabernacle of meeting shall take off the
tabernacle of meeting shall take off the
tabernacle of meeting shall take off the linen garments which he put on when he
linen garments which he put on when he
linen garments which he put on when he went into the holy place and shall leave
went into the holy place and shall leave
went into the holy place and shall leave them there and he shall wash his body
them there and he shall wash his body
them there and he shall wash his body with water in a holy place put on his
with water in a holy place put on his
with water in a holy place put on his garments come out and offer his burnt
garments come out and offer his burnt
garments come out and offer his burnt offering and the burnt offering of the
offering and the burnt offering of the
offering and the burnt offering of the people and make atonement for himself
people and make atonement for himself
people and make atonement for himself and for the people the fat of the sin
and for the people the fat of the sin
and for the people the fat of the sin offering he shall burn on the altar and
offering he shall burn on the altar and
offering he shall burn on the altar and he evil released the goat as the
he evil released the goat as the
he evil released the goat as the scapegoat shall wash his clothes and
scapegoat shall wash his clothes and
scapegoat shall wash his clothes and bathe his body in water and afterward he
bathe his body in water and afterward he
bathe his body in water and afterward he may come into the camp the bull for the
may come into the camp the bull for the
may come into the camp the bull for the sin offering and the goat for the sin
sin offering and the goat for the sin
sin offering and the goat for the sin offering whose blood was brought in to
offering whose blood was brought in to
offering whose blood was brought in to make atonement in the holy place shall
make atonement in the holy place shall
make atonement in the holy place shall be carried outside the camp and they
be carried outside the camp and they
be carried outside the camp and they shall burn in the fire their skins their
shall burn in the fire their skins their
shall burn in the fire their skins their flesh and their awful then he who burns
flesh and their awful then he who burns
flesh and their awful then he who burns them shall wash his clothes and bathe
them shall wash his clothes and bathe
them shall wash his clothes and bathe his body in water and afterward he may
his body in water and afterward he may
his body in water and afterward he may come into the camp this shall be a
come into the camp this shall be a
come into the camp this shall be a statute forever for you in the seventh
statute forever for you in the seventh
statute forever for you in the seventh month on the tenth day of the month you
month on the tenth day of the month you
month on the tenth day of the month you shall afflict your souls and do no work
shall afflict your souls and do no work
shall afflict your souls and do no work at all whether a native of your own
at all whether a native of your own
at all whether a native of your own country or a stranger who dwells among
country or a stranger who dwells among
country or a stranger who dwells among you for on that day the priests shall
you for on that day the priests shall
you for on that day the priests shall make atonement for you
make atonement for you
make atonement for you cleanse you that you may be clean from
cleanse you that you may be clean from
cleanse you that you may be clean from all your sins before the Lord it is a
all your sins before the Lord it is a
all your sins before the Lord it is a Sabbath of solemn rest for you and you
Sabbath of solemn rest for you and you
Sabbath of solemn rest for you and you shall afflict your souls it is a statute
shall afflict your souls it is a statute
shall afflict your souls it is a statute forever and the priest who is anointed
forever and the priest who is anointed
forever and the priest who is anointed and consecrated to minister as priest in
and consecrated to minister as priest in
and consecrated to minister as priest in his father's place shall make atonement
his father's place shall make atonement
his father's place shall make atonement and put on the linen clothes the holy
and put on the linen clothes the holy
and put on the linen clothes the holy garments then he shall make atonement
garments then he shall make atonement
garments then he shall make atonement for the holy sanctuary and he shall make
for the holy sanctuary and he shall make
for the holy sanctuary and he shall make atonement for the tabernacle of meeting
atonement for the tabernacle of meeting
atonement for the tabernacle of meeting and for the altar and he shall make
and for the altar and he shall make
and for the altar and he shall make atonement for the priests and for all
atonement for the priests and for all
atonement for the priests and for all the people of the Assembly this shall be
the people of the Assembly this shall be
the people of the Assembly this shall be an everlasting statute for you to make
an everlasting statute for you to make
an everlasting statute for you to make atonement for the children of Israel for
atonement for the children of Israel for
atonement for the children of Israel for all their sins once a year and he did as
all their sins once a year and he did as
all their sins once a year and he did as the LORD commanded Moses
the LORD commanded Moses
the LORD commanded Moses [Music]